#1.1 Think about time reflection 
I read through all the time management materials provided and found many of the practices familiar and some as brand new concepts. The Pomodoro and counter intuitive productivity techniques struck me as the most intriguing. I want to start implementing the Pomodoro technique as well as time boxing into my work and study habits. I strongly believe giving yourself time scales and limitation to reach a goal, then reflecting on work done would be effective in learning code. Currently my time management strategy are moving things around my job and hobbies then having the work load being the last thing I accomplish for the day. Currently the strategy has worked so far, but I wish to add different strategies of time management during phase 0 because of the unorthodox learning style (which is why this program appeals so much to me). The strategies I would really like to use are the time boxing and being able to meditate/exercise to stay clear and calm. My overall plan for time management in phase 0 is to be able to do my regular 9 to 5 job and to have more time set aside to meditate and exercise. So at the end of the day when I’m at home I can calmly sit in front of my screen knowing I have done good for my body and mind and openly get into a productive work flow.

#1.2 The Command Line 	
The Shell is a program that executes commands I enter. Bash stands for “Bourne Again SHell” and is the shell used on OSX. The command line material was easy to understand, but remembering where you were in the file and what you copied and moved is what I found to be the most challenging. Moving files from one directory to another directory that is not in the same file hierarchy was also challenging and I still need practice with that. I think drilling and using the terminal everyday is the only way to get the commands memorized and down. In my opinion I think all commands and argument are equally important to know, just depends on what you need to get done. I found “pwd” and “ls” do be the most helpful in getting my bearings on where I am in files. “pwd” is print working document and will show you your location. “ls” is list directory and will show all files and directories within that directory “mv” moves file and allows the ability to rename a file “cd” change directory allows you to change the current directory you are in. “../” allows you to move back from files and to different directories. “touch” allows you to create a file in a directory “mkdir” allows you to make a new directory “less” will let you page through a file. “rmdir” will allow you to delete a directory as long as it is empty “rm” allows you to remove files. “help” will bring up the help menu

#1.4 Forking and Cloning 
While logged into Github on the top right corner will be a “+” sign to click on. This will pop with New repository. Name your repository, specify if you want it public or private and add a license. To fork a repository you must first find a repository to fork. After you find one, the top right corner will have a “fork looking symbol” clicking this will create an HTTPS for you to copy and paste in your terminal using the “git clone” Command”. This should clone the fork to your already linked github account. Forking a repository is easier than creating a new one from scratch and allows you to work on a file others have contributed. My fork and clone went pretty seamlessly. I just cant view it in Sublime text and that where my trouble starts. I do not think Sublime text is my default text editor.

